M[GARBLED] Samara coming hi hello I'm Dr. gim
hello one of the doctors here yes I'm
I'm Dr where's Dr Jones Dr Jones isn't
here today so I mean my son he's in
hospital I guess you're very very upset
Mr small and he's got
menitis okay Mr small you guys done this
to him take a seat Mr small I can see
you're very very upsetting I mean that's
beyond I mean
you got have killed my son nearly Mr Mar
I can see you're incredibly upset and
I'm very sorry to hear about your your
son I I'm I'm just I'm just distraught
I'm upset I'm angry I can hear that and
I can see that I can really hear that
I'm very very sorry so
what obviously I've not met I've not met
your son before can I just confirm your
son's name please yes it's it's ramish
okay and his date of birth I've I've got
here if I can just he's four years old
okay is it the 4th of June 201 2012 yes
that's him you must have him in your
your in your system he came last week
just look for Dr Jones you see exactly
what happened okay let me just let me
just have a quick look in the notes here
sir because obviously we I've not met Ry
much before all right so I can see that
he came to see um Dr
Jones and he'd been having a bit of a a
sore throat and a flu is that right yeah
he wasn't well I came he wasn't feeling
well for a few days days get a flu sore
throat now there was a recent sort of
Public Health thing at a school nursery
and we're told to be vigilant and aware
of menitis okay all right so I felt that
did the right thing as a parent I came
and told Dr Jones look I think ramish he
may have menitis I learned about it the
other day sure okay and look I mean he
was dismissed and what happened do you
know what happened okay he had menitis
well I can see you're really really
upset
and can I can I just can I just firstly
confirm what exactly did Dr Jones say to
you when he saw rames on the first
occasion well I told him yes he need
antibiotics cuz I said look I'm wor
menitis and I I know antibiotics can
help sure okay look but I'm not a doctor
sure if I was I'd given him antibiotics
Dr Jones is a doctor he he in my opinion
just didn't do good job I don't know if
the does does it all the time but it was
just useless in my opinion he told me he
can't give antibiotics okay cuz it's a
viral thing and it doesn't work some
other rubbish excuse he made and then he
barely examined him I mean he did what I
would do at home he took a temperature
which I took at home and looked in in
the throat okay I don't you guys he
didn't use his telescope he didn't check
his heart his lungs his ears all right
okay I'm AB I'm hearing you I'm
absolutely hearing you Mr can I can I
confirm after you saw Dr
Jones what exactly happened with rames I
mean so afterwards I I did exactly what
Mr Dr James said he asked me to get
iprof pass I followed it to the tea I'm
methodical it didn't improve though it
became more and well and a few days
later I think it was two days ago I I
called you receptionist okay
unbelievably rude I mean it's impossible
to get through what's the point her
being there she didn't get through um I
mean she didn't get through to any
doctor she also said look a duty doctor
will call you I got no phone call no no
phone call no phone call none at all and
then after that the next day he he went
became even more ill he became drowsy
vomited I had to rush him to
AE thank God a& is around I mean there's
no point having G GPS and this here A
Tina took him seriously they admitted
him they gave him IV fluids IV
antibiotics but this still
how long has he been in hospital now 4
years it's been 2 days I mean just
coming up to two days and how is ramish
at the moment the doctors
say I mean they say he's stable but I
don't know it's brain I had high hopes
for him I wanted him to become a doctor
like you I don't know is he going to be
able to do that is he what's going to
happen to him I don't know I don't know
Mr Samar I can absolutely hear your your
your ansted over this and I'm truly
truly sorry for what for what has
happened I mean look look but I feel
this could have not happened if Dr Jones
had listened to
me I mean I have my issues with Dr Jones
okay I'm I'm hearing this I'm I'm
absolutely hearing this look I want to
make a complaint I mean what's that body
called I'm going to report Dr James is
the GMC I'm going to report him you must
be
rubbish Mr Sam I I can absolutely hear
where you're coming from and I'm hearing
your angst and you know we take all
complaints very very seriously we really
do we do need to look into this as a
practice we need to look into this okay
what are you going to
do okay this is what's going to happen I
mean obviously I need to speak with our
senior partner here Dr Smith um and we
need to have a practice meeting to look
into exactly what's going on here when
we do that we're going to look at every
single aspect of care that was involved
with rames when he saw Dr Jones when you
called the receptionist to speak to the
duty doctor okay and and why things were
not escalated in the way that they they
needed to be now you know I I completely
hear where you're coming from and I'm
very glad to hear that rames is now in
the hospital and I and I really hope
that he's going to get better I really
really
do I'm absolutely hearing your anxieties
about this I you're the first person
who's taking a bit of time I mean I
don't know I mean look I'm going I feel
how long should I wait cuz I'm worried
there went call me again are we left no
this isn't going to happen I'm I'm going
to speak to my practice manager straight
after this consultation today to um
ensure that this complaint is looked
into seriously that we are going to
formalize this and this basically means
that our practice manager is going to
acknowledge the fact that you have not
been happy with the service at all that
you wish this to be looked into and she
will give you a call back she'll also
write to you to explain how we take
complaints forward and that's going to
be within three days we have to
acknowledge all complaints within three
I give a letter in three days or a phone
call you're going to get a phone call
today okay but she will also write to
you and you'll receive something in 3
days okay to explain how we take
complaints forward and I'll explain to
you how we do that yeah please do
because I mean we we look at all
significant events that happen our
practice on a weekly basis so we're
going to have a practice meeting okay I
personally will speak to Dr Smith our
senior partner about this and we're
going to be interviewing everyone and
looking into what why this happened okay
like a root cause analysis that's what I
call in my work sure okay you're
absolutely absolutely correct and we
need to see if there was any opportunity
here for things to have been done
differently now I'm absolutely hearing
your an about this what are you going to
do about Dr Jones there CU I come on
your opinion I'm going to report him I
mean actually that tonight I guess right
he's dangerous to other people I mean I
mean Mr Mr I I can obviously hear that
you're very very angry with regards um
the care that Dr Jones provided for Rish
but I just need to be really honest with
you sir I mean I've worked with Dr Jones
now here he's one of our salary GPS for
the last two and a half
years um you know I consider him to be a
good doctor um sure I I am I I I really
am but obviously you know we take all
complaints really seriously and if I can
be really honest with you I can I can
absolutely tell you that Dr Jones will
feel terrible about this he really
really will feel terrible about this and
he will feel awful um that um your son
is in hospital he will himself be
thinking did I did I miss this could I
have done something differently that I
can promise you as a colleague and and
someone that's worked with him for two
and a half
years
now I I'm sure that actually Dr Jones
would want to apologize himself and if
you you wish I can I can make that
happen I can speak to Dr Jones about
this on your behalf you know I want to
advoc okay for you and your
family I think right now I think just
just so raw just for now let's just you
know I think I'm going to take your word
I'm going to just wait for your
investigation sure of course and you
know we are going to involve you every
step of the way so we will be
communicating exactly um the outcome of
our investigation that I can promise you
now if you're not happy with that
outcome you know what can I do next sure
of course you have the opportunity to
escalate and we will be happy to sign
post you in that way
okay so but we we take complaints really
seriously okay you know we just we just
want to make things better and I and I
and and you know I really want to make
sure that you know um that sign gets
better and I know that's a really
difficult promise to make he's only four
he's only a
baby look thank you that's okay Mr Sor
listen let me speak to my practice
manager she's going to get in touch with
you today if you have absolutely any
concerns about this process can you let
me know personally yeah okay and I will
take that forward for you all right sure
okay thank you